# matplotlib-challenge
## Matplotlib Module 5 Challenge
This code first reads two data files from a mouse study: "Mouse_metadata.csv" amd "Study_results.csv". It then creates a single merged dataframe from the two files, called "metadata_study_results." From there it counts the total number of mice by counting each unique Mouse ID, then gets rid of the duplicates. It then displays the total number of mice again minus the duplicate mouse. It then calculates the mean, median, variance, standard deviation, and standard error of the tumor volume for each drug regimen tested on the mice, and then displays these results in a dataframe. It then aggregates this dataframe into a more condensed display format. It then creates a bar graph showing the number of observed mouse timepoints for each drug regimen, first using pandas, and then again using the pyplot method. It then creates a pie chart displaying the sex distribution for the tested mice, again using both pandas and pyplot. It then creates another dataframe displaying the final tumor volume for each mouse for every drug regimen. Using this dataframe, it then calculates the IQR for each drug regimen and any potential outliers. It then displays these resuts in a boxplot, showing the outlier for the Infubinol regimen. It then creates a line plot displaying the tumor volume opposed to the timepoint for the mouse with ID 1509. It then creates a scatterplot displaying the tumor volume opposed to weight for each mouse with the Capomulin regimen to see if there is any correlation. It then uses the Pearson method to calculate the correlation coefficient, and then a linear regression model to visually display the correlation.
